Hollywood is officially on strike with
members of the actors union sag-aftra
now on the picket lines the strike went
into effect at midnight it came with
great sadness that we came to this
Crossroads but we had no choice some
Productions already grinding to a halt
including Netflix hit shows stranger
things the cast of Oppenheimer leaving
before the screening at the UK Premiere
in solidarity we had to protect the
people who were kind of on the margins
we got to figure out something that that
is fair this comes after more than four
weeks of negotiations between sagathra
and the alliance of motion picture and
television producers the two unable to
reach a deal the actors say they're
fighting for higher wages and
protections in the streaming era
including residual pay critical to them
keeping their health care and the
regulated use of AI in the long run if
we don't draw the line in the sand now
they're going to be squeezed out of a
livelihood anyway the group representing
Studios and streamers say saying it's
disappointed the actors Union decided to
walk away from negotiations adding that
the strike will deepen the financial
hardship for thousands who depend on the
industry for their livelihoods bomb Iker
the CEO of Disney ABC's parent company
calling the Union's demands unrealistic
in an interview with CNBC there's a
level of expectation that they have that
is just not realistic and they are
adding to a set of challenges that this
business is already facing writers in
Hollywood have already been on strike
since May both unions have similar
demands for the first time in more than
60 years writers and actors both on
strike there's really no model for how
this works especially in this current
media landscape essentially no work can
be done in Hollywood
